# GreenImpact

## Problem Statement: ## 
As scientists have begun to better understand climate change, the situation is becoming more and more urgent, as we continue to pollute and damage our environment. This issue affects everyone, as we all can have an impact on our community. If no action is taken, climate change will continue to damage our environment. More Americans than ever are taking an interest in climate change, in a 2018 study, it was found that seven in ten individuals were at least “Somewhat concerned” about climate change. Many of these individuals are left to feel helpless on the issue. This is an important issue to solve to protect our planet and ease the minds of the public.

## Solution: ##  
Green impact is a mobile application that provides the user with a feed of information on green living tips and advice. In addition to the educational resources, users will also be able to view a map containing locations of recycling centers and community cleanup efforts along with social welfare projects. The user will be able track their green activities and will be rewarded points for doing so. Users will be able to share what they find on our app on outside social networks, such as Twitter and Facebook, as well as being able to track their actions and see how they stack up against others in the community. The goal of our project is to show people that they can have a positive impact on their community and their environment in their daily lives. We believe that people will be able to put their minds more at ease, knowing that they will be making an impact.Letting everyone know and participate in environmental protection is the most important mission of our app, and make people aware of the seriousness of environmental problems, but also realize that he can contribute to solving environmental problems.

